react-hooks: Add usePresence listener hook (#324)
ably/ably-chat-js: src/react/README.md

  );
};
```

## usePresenceListener

This hook accepts a listener callback for receiving presence events and provides a state variable kept up to date
with the current presence state.

> It is intended solely for monitoring the state of `Presence` in a room, should you wish to control the presence state,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is intended solely for monitoring the state of `Presence` in a room, should you wish to enter presence and thus update the presence state,
```
